[doc] Update community section (#4943)
taichi-dev/taichi: README.md

## Community

### Event

> Taichi voxel challenge is open for the [submission](https://github.com/taichi-dev/voxel-challenge/issues/11) until 18th May. Find our more [here](https://github.com/taichi-dev/community/tree/main/events/voxel-challenge).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Voxel Challenge 2022 is open for the [submission](https://github.com/taichi-dev/voxel-challenge/issues/11) until 18th May. Find out more [here](https://github.com/taichi-dev/community/tree/main/events/voxel-challenge).
```

> Taichi voxel challenge is open for the [submission](https://github.com/taichi-dev/voxel-challenge/issues/11) until 18th May. Find out more [here](https://github.com/taichi-dev/community/tree/main/events/voxel-challenge).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Voxel Challenge 2022 is open for [submissions](https://github.com/taichi-dev/voxel-challenge/issues/11) until 18th May. Find out more [here](https://github.com/taichi-dev/community/tree/main/events/voxel-challenge).
```

### Contact us

> You can also join our community from Slack or WeChat. Drop us a message at <a href = "mailto:community@taichi.graphics">community@taichi.graphics</a> first, and we'll follow up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Slack](https://taichicommunity.slack.com/join/shared_invite/zt-14ic8j6no-Fd~wKNpfskXLfqDr58Tddg#/shared-invite/email) 
- WeChat: Drop us a message at <a href = "mailto:community@taichi.graphics">community@taichi.graphics</a> first, and we'll follow up.
```
